Jeremy diamond.
Give us the latest, Jeremy.
>> Reporter: Today we set out to
do a story of the hundreds of
thousands of military reservists
and this massive military
buildup that Israel is preparing
for.
As we set out to do this story
along the gaza border and
Israeli communities here, one
thing became clear that this is
a very volatile, very unstable
situation even before the next
phase of Israel's military
campaign, whatever it may be,
reveals itself.
Whether it was rockets flying
overhead as we were in the city
of sderot, or a firefight we
caught, this is a very unstable,
uncertain situation.
Three days after hundreds of
hamas militants infiltrated
Israel, Israeli forces are still
fighting to eliminate the
threat.
We are outside the Israeli town
of mythalseem where we have been
hearing repeated exchanges of
gunfire the last ten minutes or
so.
We haven't seen exactly who they
are between, but we know Israeli
forces have been continuing to
try and clear some of these
Israeli towns around the gaza
strip from those hamas
militants.
The idf later confirming they
killed two hamas terrorists in
the battle.
Minutes after it ended, Israeli
defense forces rushing a
casualty into an ambulance.
The south track to life in most
Israeli communities around the
gaza strip today wasn't gunfire,
but rockets.
In sderot, the booms punctuate
the stillness of the day.
>> Just coming to a shelter here
where we can take cover from
iron dome interceptions.
They're intercepting active
rockets coming in from gaza.
The booms are very loud, they're
directly overhead.
20 minutes later, another
barrage of rockets headed for
the city of ashkelon.
We're in the city of sderot
where we can see that barrage
that hamas promised at 5:00 P.M.
Appearing to head over in the
direction of ashkelon.
That is exactly where hamas
officials said about an hour ago
that they would fire rockets in
that direction.
But there is also another sound
in towns like sderot.
Israeli troops and reservists
mobilizing to the gaza front.
Part of a massive call-up of
more than 300,000 reserve
troops, preparations for a
potential ground invasion of
gaza.
For some, this moment feels
different.
>> Then we came in with a
concept of full control.
This one started with obviously
more confusion and the playing
field is different.
But I think in the last two
days, the momentum has shifted.
>> Reporter: An entire country
springing into action with those
T of uniform bringing food and
supplies to troops.
After days of tragedy, also a
sense of resilience.
"I'm not afraid at all," she
said.
"When it will be my time, it
will be my time."
Wolf, late Tuesday evening, the
Israel defense forces also now
confirming that the first
shipments of advanced U.S.
Weaponry provided by the united
States in the wake of hamas'
attack this past weekend has now
arrived in Israel.
It arrived at the nevatim air
base in southern Israel.
The idf did not say what kind of
weaponry was being provided,
simply that it is, quote,
designed to facilitate
significant military operations
and increase preparedness for